with dinner service coming to an end
Gordon has many concerns not the least
of them being that the owner seems to be
unconcerned you'll come back tomorrow be
sitting on the same couch curled up with
a bottle of vodka just go talking to
myself how are you chef fine thank you
I'm doing okay buddies yes I am he
didn't think that was professional did
you need me chef
honey two minutes with you on your own
okay I'm gonna get inside and work you
guys gonna hang out a little bit yeah I
was kind of upset at chef Gordon at that
point I felt like it was being a little
unreasonable let's just have a little
taste together
[Music]
what does that taste for you it's not
great it's a little dry it's cut the
[ __ ] end I'll squeeze it into the
container and send it a lot of stuff is
in homemade 95% the stuff is bought in
okay I was going to go with 80% this
[ __ ] is the most disgusting something 14
crap I've ever tasted in my entire life
it's almost more important for me to let
this go out at half its quality at the
end go out and make sure that the guests
are happy and meet the guests and talk
to them you're happy to be a famous chef
on
because I don't believe I'm on a fake
show it's a franchisable concept why are
you so [ __ ] obsessed with becoming
famous with a franchise why can't you
just have a restaurant and cook your ass
off and get customers in here for the
love of what you're doing I was hoping
that this would be my launching pad for
my name now that's not cooking if you
are convinced in your mind that what
you're doing is gonna work you're beyond
reach you know that
really